We host on soundcloud the audio files for streaming faster.

♪ The following audio files are notes from the test sets of SOL.

Each input sample is followed with a model reconstruction inverted with GLA. We show results of WAE-style and WAE-Fader both conditioned on the playing styles of the violin. Plus the reconstructions of WAE-Fader trained on playing styles of other instruments: french-horn, clarinet, piano and trumpet.

https://soundcloud.com/user-992344055/sets/test_set_note_rec

♪ The following audio files are conditional notes generated by the models as for the evaluation with the pre-trained data attribute classifiers.

Each file contains series of note variations separated with a silence. Each series is a random sample from the latent prior decoded to each possible attribute of the model. The note targets are set with random semitone and octave conditions, either in {3-4} (o34.wav) or in {0-8} (o9.wav)

We have the following models with playing style conditioning:

+ WAE-style on violin playing styles, series of: sustained ; short ; non-vibrato ; ordinario ; staccato ; pizzicato-secco ; medium-vibrato-short ; tremolo ; medium-vibrato-sustained ; pizzicato-l-vib (o34)

+ WAE-fader on violin playing styles, series of: sustained ; short ; non-vibrato ; ordinario ; staccato ; pizzicato-secco ; medium-vibrato-short ; tremolo ; medium-vibrato-sustained ; pizzicato-l-vib (o34)

We have the following models with timbre (instrument) conditioning:

+ WAE-style on ordinario timbres, series of: piano ; oboe ; english-horn ; flute ; bassoon ; violin ; alto-saxophone ; tenor-trombone ; clarinet ; french-horn ; violoncello ; trumpet (o34)

+ WAE-fader on ordinario timbres, series of: piano ; tenor-trombone ; english-horn ; alto-saxophone ;  oboe ; flute ; clarinet ; bassoon ; french-horn ; violoncello ; trumpet ; violin (o34)

+ WAE-fader on ordinario timbres, series of: piano ; tenor-trombone ; english-horn ; alto-saxophone ;  oboe ; flute ; clarinet ; bassoon ; french-horn ; violoncello ; trumpet ; violin (o9)

https://soundcloud.com/user-992344055/sets/cond_note_gen

♪ Additional results from the WAE-Fader models on other instruments.

The following audio files are conditional notes generated by the models as for the evaluation with the pre-trained data attribute classifiers.

Each file contains series of note variations separated with a silence. Each series is a random sample from the latent prior decoded to each possible playing style of the model. The note targets are set with random semitone and octave conditions.

We have the following models with playing style conditioning: french-horn ; tenor-trombone ; clarinet ; piano

https://soundcloud.com/user-992344055/sets/cond_note_gen_waefader

♪ The following audio files are conditional notes generated with expressive attribute control in WAE-Fader. We again decode series of note variations from any random latent coordinate (along with random note target) by mixing two continuous attribute conditions.

We select two model attributes, either ordinario timbres or playing styles from the violin, and continuously mix their one-hot codes (including to conditions above 1) rather than inputing single categorical style conditions.

This intends to produce sound hybrids and diverse style variations around the learned attributes. It gives a glimpse of the sounds that could be intuitively explored with WAE-Fader in a real-time interactive setting.

For the violin playing styles, we show some mixes of *pizzicato-secco + tremolo* ; *tremolo + pizzicato-l-vib* and *short + medium-vibrato-sustained*.

For the ordinario timbres, we show some mixes of *clarinet + violin* ; *oboe + english-horn* ; *alto-saxophone + french-horn* ; *trumpet + piano* ; *bassoon + violoncello* and *flute + violoncello*.


https://soundcloud.com/user-992344055/sets/express_note_gen


♪ The following audio files are both feed-forward waveform reconstructions and conditional note generations.

We fine-tune the WAE-Fader ordinario timbre model with a pretrained MCNN and achieve the following audio quality for train and test set note reconstructions as well as for (categorical) conditional note generations. We as well show results for the fine-tuning with the violin playing style model.

https://soundcloud.com/user-992344055/sets/waefader_mcnn_audio
